change behaviour to behavior - us spelling (#2685)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/migration/versions/03-upgrading-to-dbt-utils-v1.0.md

  surrogate_key_treat_nulls_as_empty_strings: true #turn on legacy behavior
```

By creating a new macro instead of updating the behavior of the old one, we are requiring all projects who use this macro to make an explicit decision about which approach is better for their context. 

**Our recommendation is that existing users should opt into the legacy behavior** unless you are confident that either:

- your surrogate keys never contained nulls, or 
- your surrogate keys are not used for incremental models, snapshots or other stateful artifacts and so can be regenerated with new values without issue.

:::caution Warning to package maintainers

> You can not assume one behavior or the other, as each project can customise their behavior.

Author: ```suggestion
You can not assume one behavior or the other, as each project can customize its behavior.
```
